---
layout: about
language: en
tags:
  - about
categories:
  - en
---
## Partners

### Observatoire Satellital des Forêts d'Afrique Centrale (OSFAC)

OSFAC is a well established training center for GIS and remote sensing based in Kinshasa and will be responsible for the technical components of implementing MOABI  in DRC, specifically for managing the GIS database. OSFAC was established in 2000 to support the management of natural resources by producing reliable land cover products, distributing satellite data, building capacity and providing technical assistance to implementing partners.

### Observatory of Forest Governance (OGF)

OGF is an independent forest monitoring NGO operating in the Democratic Republic of Congo. OGF, was founded by British NGO called Resource Extraction Monitoring (REM) who transferred all of their DRC operations to OGF. The primary aim of OGF is to develop and conduct monitoring activities on forest management and exploitation in DRC. They are a mandated Independent Observer for FLEG DRC and have conducted monitoring missions in partnership with the World Bank and FAO.

### Institute for Applied Systems Analysis (IIASA)
The International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis is a scientific research institute located in Laxenburg, near Vienna, Austria. Founded in 1972, IIASA conducts policy-oriented research into problems of a global nature that are too large or too complex to be solved by a single country or academic discipline. IIASA is sponsored by its National Member Organizations in Africa, Asia, Europe, and the Americas. Its research is independent and completely unconstrained by political or national self-interest.
